Ask people to tell us if they use our standards elsewhere (#149)
ropensci/dev_guide: softwarereview_intro.Rmd

```{block, type='summaryblock'}
This chapter contains a [general intro](#whatissoftwarereview) to our software peer review system for packages, [reasons to submit a package](#whysubmit), [reasons to volunteer as a reviewer](#whyreview), [why our reviews are open](#whyopen), and acknowledgements of [actors of the system](#editors-and-reviewers).

> _If you use our standards/checklists etc. when reviewing software elsewhere, do tell your editors where they came from, and [tell us](https://ropensci.org/contact/) if it's allowed._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_If you use our standards/checklists etc. when reviewing software elsewhere, do tell the recipients (e.g. journal editors, students, internal code review) that they came from rOpenSci, and tell us in [our public forum](https://discuss.ropensci.org/c/usecases), or [privately by email](https://ropensci.org/contact/)._ 
```
